Build strict mode implementation (#91)
talyssonoc/structure: docs/build-strict/README.md

> # Build Strict

Reviewer: Maybe we should call this file `strict-mode` and change the title to `Strict mode` as well since it's the title of the item in the sidebar, what do you think?

Author: Change the file name or the repository name?

Reviewer: the folder, the file has to be `README` :smile:

> To instantiate a structure and automatically throw an error if that is invalid, you can use the buildStrict function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To instantiate a structure that automatically throws an error if that is invalid, you can use the `buildStrict` method.
```

```js
const { attributes } = require('structure');
const User = attributes({
    name: {
      type: String,
      required: true
    },
    age: Number
})(class User {});

> var user = User.buildStrictMode({

Reviewer: ```suggestion
var user = User.buildStrict({
```
